do you want to get paid for posting on
social media but don't know where to
start do you hear about other creators
getting paid thousands of dollars for
posting even though they don't have a
massive following maybe you're thinking
that you need to hit a certain number of
followers in order to get paid for your
content today we're doing a deep dive
into the world of brand Partnerships
sponsorships getting paid for content
ugc and most importantly how much should
you be charging these brands
fypm which stands for [__] you pay me is
a Glassdoor for Content creators I've
been so impressed by using this platform
because content creators like myself are
able to upload what they were paid what
deliverables were required how their
overall experience was and all of the
other details about brand Partnerships
that they've had in the past Brands can
also upload how much they have paid
content creators and all of that same
information and agencies which are often
the middle people between content
creators and these Brands can also
upload to fypm so it's a totally
transparent platform instead of having
to rely on random sites that give you
generic algorithms and equations to
figure out how much you should charge
Brands you can look it up on fypm and
see exactly what other content creators
who are in your industry of your similar
following size and of your same
deliverables are getting paid by these
Brands I think fypm is absolutely
necessary I mean think about a
traditional nine to five job you are
aware of Base salaries you can go on
sites like Glassdoor and see what other
people are being paid by other companies
so there's no guesswork as to what is
fair for you and the amount of work that
you're being put in but in the world of
content creation and getting Brands to
pay content creators I think because
it's such a new space and it's an
up-and-coming industry which by the way
is booming and rapidly growing at the
pace of multiple billions of dollars
each year I think that there's a lack of
transparency and I think that there's
it's kind of like a wild wild west where
you can kind of charge whatever you want
and it's not quite clear on how much
different creators are getting paid for
different content and so for example you
might reach out to a brand that you want
to work with and in exchange for a post
on your Instagram feed they're gonna
send you free content meanwhile you have
no idea that a content creator who has a
very similar sized following to you a
very similar style to you and is posting
the same content to their Instagram feed
they were able to negotiate and get paid
a couple hundred dollars but because a
platform like fypm hasn't existed in the
past you would have no way of knowing
that and you might not know if it's fair
or reasonable for you to be paid for
that content and in just a moment I'm
going to bring Lindsay onto the podcast
and we're going to talk a little bit
more about her platform how you can
access it and also her tips for Content
creators but before we even do that I
wanted to share some of my top tips for
getting brand Partnerships and
collaborations and this is coming from
someone who has done over 50 different
brand collaborations and sponsorships
and I've made over one hundred thousand
dollars from those sponsorships but I
know what you might immediately be
thinking and this might even be why you
decided to listen or watch this podcast
today you might be thinking well I have
a small following can I really get paid
Brock I have a thousand followers can I
really get paid for my content or should
I just take free stuff Brock I don't
have any followers like I just started
my account I have 30 followers can I get
paid the answer to all of those
questions is yes and as as you'll hear
Lindsay say at the end of the podcast
you should get paid and you should
expect to be paid Brands sending out
free product in exchange for content on
social media is quickly becoming a thing
of the past and I think that's awesome
because it takes a lot of time energy
and effort for us content creators to
make posts and share them on our social
media even if we only have three
followers it still took time creativity
resources and effort to create that
content and we deserve to be compensated
for it in fact according to Lindsay and
her platform the median price of one
instagram reel shared to the feed by
someone with 10 000 followers or less is
two hundred and eighteen dollars and if
you have between fifty thousand and one
hundred thousand followers on Instagram
the median price for you sharing a reel
to your feed is
878 dollars so hopefully if you're
someone who is consuming this podcast
today and you've never done a brand deal
before and maybe you came here with low
expectations or even no expectations
hopefully that's a present surprise is
that you can get paid a couple hundred
bucks even if you don't have a massive
Mega following and I do want to let you
know that we have an entire course
around this subject included in this
course is not just how to get brand
deals but we also give you example pitch
decks and Pitch letters which you can
basically copy and paste and just put in
your own information and send them off
to Brands if you want more information
on that course you can go to chalene.com
forward slash brand deals but with that
being said let me share with you my
eight quick tips before we get into the
interview tip number one before you get
started make a list of brands that you
already know use and Trust look around
your house look at your content look at
your Niche and the things that you
normally post about in your Niche and
just say hey what kinds of things do I
use what kind of things do I love maybe
you love your mouse and your mouse
relates to your Niche maybe you have a
special jump rope that you love and
you're a fitness content creator maybe
there is some sort of kitchen utensil
that you love and you do cooking or
baking recipe bees just think about your
daily life and the products that you use
on a daily basis then make a list of all
the ones that you actually love to use
and that you actually trust the brands
and then Whittle that list down to the
list of Brands and products that relate
to your Niche and then tip number two is
to find other people who have done
collaborations with those Brands and
then reach out to those creators and ask
for the emails or the contact info of
the person of contact with the brand
who's in charge of Partnerships and
collaborations tip number three When You
Reach Out include a portfolio or a pitch
deck now again this is something that is
covered in detail in our brand deals 101
course but essentially this includes
things like your following size your
engagement rate possibly even past
collaborations or examples of content
that you create if you haven't done any
collaborations already it's kind of like
a resume and a cover letter that Brands
can quickly skim through and see kind of
a synopsis of why they might want to
work with you speaking of why they might
want to work with you tip number four is
to reach out with a specific value
proposition and a specific clear intent
of what this collaboration could look
like why they should collaborate with
you why you love them and your maybe
even personal story or experience with
the product and if you have case studies
or previous examples you can include
that as well to really sweeten the deal
and make it very obvious to the brand as
to why you're a great fit for someone to
collaborate with tip number five and
this is something that Lindsay mentions
in the podcast and that's to not just
have this whole conversation happening
over text or DM or email but instead
encourage them to hop on a phone call or
a zoom call so you can actually meet the
person face to face you can communicate
and you can just get much better sense
of relationship with the brand that
you're going to collaborate with or at
least just be that much more persuasive
in your pitching of yourself when you're
actually talking to another human being
rather than just communicating via email
number six and I know I said this
earlier I know you said that you should
expect to be paid but if you are
absolutely day one just getting started
it's okay depending on the circumstances
depending on the brand to accept free
stuff let's say it's a super small
beeswax company and you're looking for a
fitness sponsorship maybe with that
brand it doesn't make sense to accept
some free beeswax but let's say Nike
wants to sponsor you and send you free
shoes every couple months maybe if
you're a runner and you do Fitness
content maybe that's an awesome brand
maybe it really adds to your credibility
that you are sponsored by Nike and you
have to buy those shoes every couple
months anyway so getting free shoes
every three months that's kind of worth
it for you I'm not trying to shame any
content creators who do accept free
stuff it's okay if you're just getting
started or if the right opportunity
presents itself to accept free stuff but
with that being said and as you'll hear
us talk about in the podcast you should
go into this with the expectation that
you're going to be paid and even if you
have a small sized following you can
offer these Brands things like usage
rights or ugc content in exchange for
monetary compensation and that doesn't
matter if you have any followers or even
if you have a social media account at
all number seven and this is a tip for
when you get the dreaded no or even
worse the dreaded no response those
don't mean no those mean not right now
those mean that the brand maybe missed
your email or the brand just wasn't open
to collaborations right now or they've
already fully spent their marketing
budget for this quarter so no doesn't
always mean no and you shouldn't take it
personally instead reframe it as not
right now and then my eighth tip before
we get into this interview and this is
something that I've learned from
experience is create a Google sheet or
some sort of spreadsheet where you can
track all of this if you're going to add
brand Partnerships as a serious stream
of income for yourself and a thing that
you are doing on a monthly if not weekly
basis then it can quickly become a lot
to juggle with all the different
deliverables for different brands
different deadlines scripts editing all
of these things actually posting the
content and so I would highly recommend
staying as organized as possible and
that starts from day one with some sort
of spreadsheet just to track all the
different variables and all the
different information related to your
brand deals oh and then finally one more
Pro tip we've done episodes relating to
manychat and DM Automation in the past
but this is kind of my secret sauce of
how I'm able to get brand deals and get
Brands to pay me more than they pay
other content creators with the same
following size who are offering the same
deliverables and that's that I use DM
Automation and DM automation allows me
to have better conversion rates more
clicks and more people actually going to
whatever the brand is hoping to promote
and so when I go to a brand I'm able to
say hey I know that I'm charging more
than this other content creator who has
the same size following and is offering
you the same exact content but here's
the difference I am going to get you
better results I'm going to get you more
clicks and a better conversion rate
because of this strategy that I use on
my Instagram I'm not just going to send
people to the link in my bio I'm going
to use DM Automation and then I give
them some of the statistics and some of
the results from past collaborations
that I've done and so we don't need to
go deep into that right now and that's a
real way to stand out and set yourself
apart from everyone else who is maybe
reaching out to this brand in order to
do a collaboration and it's a great way
to not only ask for but also to deserve
and earn more money better compensation
from these Brands but again we don't
have time to go deep into that today I
highly recommend listening to some of
our past episodes relating to manychat
or DM automation or if you're an insta
Club Hub member then just check out some
of the trainings that we have for you
inside the club we have really detailed
trainings I think we've even done some
live trainings that are like 90 minutes
long that go in depth on how to use
manychat how to use DM Automation and
how it can really improve your clicks
and conversion rates but with all of
that being said with those tips out of
the way I am excited to bring on Lindsay
lugrin from fypm onto the podcast it's a
great conversation it's really exciting
and make sure to get a pen and a piece
of paper ready to take some notes hey
Lindsay welcome to the podcast hey thank
you for having me yeah I'm so excited to
have you here like I said off air I
originally found you from a tick tock of
yours that came up on my for you page
and I was instantly like within a couple
seconds of you saying what it is you do
and what this this company is that
you've founded I was like oh my gosh the
world needs this like our audience my
followers they need this because I get
so many messages about this so can you
tell me kind of like give me the
elevator pitch the 60 second Spiel what
is fypm yeah so
glass do for creators and talent
managers and
essentially what it is like if you have
a following on social media and brands
are asking you to post about them you
can you can look them up on fypm and see
how much they paid other people for for
the same types of things and you can
filter your results by follower count
platform Niche the brand obviously like
just basically anything
um to help you kind of make sense of uh
or help you create like a baseline rate
of what to charge and it's funny that
you say that because I started at fypm
because I was trying to solve my own
problem
I needed this website and yeah
gotcha gotcha so basically you're
helping content creators whether you're
an influencer with a couple million
followers or you're someone with a
couple hundred followers you're helping
them in its simplest sense figure out
like what is fair what is what is
reasonable and also like what are other
people charging and getting paid for for
working with Brands right yeah yeah so
it helps you get an idea of
money an individual brand is willing to
spend also helps you compare yourself to
other people like you to see like you
know just to try to hit that sweet spot
you know yeah can you tell me a little
bit more about how you're figuring all
of this out like how how does fypm how
are you able to tell me what is fair or
you know how much I should be charging
what's uh what's kind of the basis for
this yeah well well we're still
Gathering data I think the biggest poll
right now is like so if you have like a
traditional nine to five and you're
considering get it or you're considering
getting like a traditional nine to five
you go on Glassdoor to do a couple
things you basically go to like evaluate
your opportunity cost of working with a
particular person so it's the same thing
right here and within that there's all
sorts of things you you consider it's
like how much are they gonna pay me
because you know you need money to live
but also like is this gonna help me
progress in my career is this gonna be a
nightmare am I gonna hate working here
so FY PM is designed to like deliver
that type of experience right now we did
launch a rate my offer tool earlier this
year and we hired a data scientist to
help us develop our proprietary pricing
algorithm which
um essentially like it if you put in an
offer from a brand you put in the terms
the deliverables like like information
about yourself you can also input the
brand you know so it like correlates
like the the history of like how much
that particular brand is willing to pay
you know if they have a lot of reviews
and it kind of like
scans your offer or Compares it to all
like I don't know how many we have now
like 19 000 collabs in our database and
it tells you if the offer is like below
average about average like typical or
above average and there's like a whole
wide range of
like it's it's definitely a
multivariable
algorithm yeah I can't imagine and
that's really that's so useful because
whenever I look this up like when you
just Google like how much should I
charge a brand you get like the most
cookie cutter generic answers and it's
like you know ten percent of your
engagement rate or ten percent of your
followers like it's always this super
basic generic thing but what you just
said is you have like 19
000 collaboration examples so like
people basically submit what they
received in terms of like compensation
and then also what their deliverables
were and that all goes into your
database is that correct yeah and the
terms so it takes into consideration who
you are who the brand is what they're
asking for yeah that's basically it
because what they're asking for it's
like it's not just the deliverables you
know it's the terms like there's a big
difference between like I like to call
them like high effort versus low effort
deliverables like there's a lot more
that goes into producing video content
than there is to producing a story you
know which is like gonna like disappear
in like 24 hours versus the other one
could potentially live on your like on
your page for forever and then also
things like usage rights and exclusivity
stuff like that like there's premiums
attached to all those different things
and I think I'm just rambling now no no
that that totally makes sense when I was
looking at your website which by the way
for anyone who wants to check it out
it's
fypm.vip but I noticed right on the home
page there was kind of like a search for
Brands option so I want to talk more
about that but first and foremost do you
know off the top of your head roughly
how many Brands you have in the database
a little bit over 8 000.
that's insane that's awesome that's
awesome so I I pulled up the list and it
first it kind of just gave me like you
know alphabetical drop down and so I was
like oh I'll just pick one off the top
and I picked 1-800 Flowers and so I'm
able to see like you know what is the
average compensation what is the you
know do they usually pay in cash or do
they usually pay in product you're also
able to see like what people's average
experience was like was it an average
positive experience or negative
experience so all this is really
interesting and then there's a brand
score as well and it's between one and
five can you tell me more about the
brand score and kind of like what that's
based off of yeah
Grand score is super basic it's a basic
NPS score which is a net promoter score
which is basically like kind of like
when you take a standardized test you
get an answer wrong it detracts from
your score if you get an answer right it
adds I guess the standardized test is a
bad example but if it's neutral it like
you know just kind of like doesn't
really do much but in the next version
of fypm which we plan to are we're
hoping to launch at least by February
it's gonna be
so much more we're gonna like it's it's
basically gonna be a search engine you
will be able to type in anything and the
collabs will find you the example I like
to give is like like or actually this is
the example we're going to be putting in
our pitch Deck with the Prototype we're
designing it out right now like so I'm
an influencer and like I'm going on
vacation to Mexico and I'm struggling
with like butt acne this is literally
being over using I will be able to do
two things on like the next version of
fipm one I will be able to post things
that says like something like hey I'm
going to Mexico any any swimsuit Brands
want to sponsor my trip you know and
those Brands will be able to find me and
give me an offer you know or I will be
able to type in butt acne and it will
show up a list of all the relevant open
collabs for like relevant products that
different brands are trying to promote
and you can directly apply to them
gotcha so when you say when you say open
collabs does that mean that brands are
basically able to like advertise their
collaborations on fypm or how does that
work
yes so it's going to be something like
that but it's going to be totally
different so brands are going to be able
to and there there's going to be
different layers of access here so they
won't be able to see like like any of
their reviews unless you give them
explicit permission because like I
mentioned before we were recording like
we have kind of this chronic backlog
problem so we're changing things up
you'll be able to verify your reviews
either through team fypm which is how it
is now or you can if you're not like
afraid of the brand you can request the
brand to verify it themselves so
switching switching it up a little bit
but you don't you don't have to do that
if you don't do that they will never see
it so it's still gotcha like full
control
um but what we're going to be doing is
actually encouraging Brands who have
claimed their brand page and are you
know paying for fyp and to pulse their
open campaigns and in that process post
like just stay what the budget is and
kind of like update it how much is
committed already so you kind of like
know whether or not to waste your time
applying or not and then yeah and then
when you do apply they're gonna have a
um it's going to be similar to the rate
my offer tool on fypm now where but the
brand said it's going to be build my
offer where we like show what you know
the standard ranges are based off of
like who's applying Etc gosh if that
makes any sense yeah no it does it does
you said right now there's like a
backlog and I know we've talked about
this and so right now primarily it's the
fypm team who's manually kind of like
vetting and approving these submissions
so can you walk me through kind of
essentially like what goes on within the
platform to make sure that if I'm Brock
Johnson and I just signed up I can't
just say oh hey 1-800 Flowers paid me
forty thousand dollars to post one story
with one book okay like how are you
vetting that how are you checking all of
that and just making sure that you know
this awesome platform that you're built
is actually being honest and credible
yeah so data control and quality is
extremely important to us like without
that we have nothing
so we don't just let everyone in who
applies so in order to be approved to
use our website you have to create a
profile and review a brand you've worked
with and then you have to be verified
and approved so basically we only
approve applications to join if we
believe that the person who is applying
is who they say they are and that if in
that they worked with the brand they're
reviewing and also that the contents of
the review accurately like reflect the
nature of the collab and when we when
you submit a review we also require you
to attach like links like screenshots
showcasing like proof of payment emails
DMS but the brand or like whole
contracts some people do that it just
kind of like
depends it's an art and a science so but
it's it's difficult to scale that
process you know without like
compromising quality so the next version
of the site we're switching to it's
gonna be like a pay or play model like
you can join immediately and pay for
Access if you want if you want like free
access to fypm you can it's gonna be
like one verified review equals one
month free so this is also how we're
doing our database and that review can
either be verified by team fypm which is
probably going to take forever or the
brand themselves so it kind of
encourages Brands to join as well and be
transparent and share their budgets etc
etc and we're going to
like all of our pricing tools are going
to be powered by verified reviews only
and then it's like you'll be able to
tell when you're looking at a review on
the site if it's pending verification if
it's you know verified by fypm or if
it's verified by the brand or the agency
or whatever so you can use your best
judgment on whether or not you should
believe it or not gotcha okay so let's
say I'm someone who I don't have any
brand deals yet I have zero Partnerships
I've ever done but I want to like I want
to start getting these collaborations
how can I use the site how can I join
can I join or not yet kind of walk me
through what that might look like
yeah so you'll be able to join in
February and pay for Access right now
there's no way to join but just like DM
me and I'll like help you out I'll I'll
tell you like what if it's a specific
brand you have a question about I'll
like I'll just like tell you what we
have so far
um we just can't like let like how it's
built now we just we just can't let
anyone on the side because this is how
we've been building our database but
like in the future like incentives are
going to be realigned people are going
to be incentivized to contribute reviews
every single month so they can use it
for free
gotcha so if I go to
fypm.vip if I write like when I right
now I do this and obviously I've already
been approved I've been using the
platform so when I land on that page I
see like the search Brands button so is
that something that I can only do
because I've been approved and I've been
added or is that something that anyone
can search brands well I mean anyone can
search brand
like
thing but only you can see the reviews
in the inside like if you're approved
from your point of view from someone who
had this need and now you've created
this solution for people what are some
just like beginner tips basic
information that you would give to
someone who's listening right now and
they are still in that category of I've
never done a collaboration before and I
don't even know where to start like what
are some some beginner tips yeah so well
beginner tip number One never assume
that
just because you haven't done it before
that you shouldn't be paid that is
absolutely not true it entirely depends
on who's asking and what they're asking
you to do and also who you are like only
you can decide if something is going to
be worth your time or not so don't let
anybody convince you otherwise and
number two reach out to your peers
who've done it before and ask them for
advice if a specific brand is asking and
that's why you're entertaining the idea
follow fypm DM us I'll you know I'll
just tell you what we got on that brand
if you promise to join fypm later and
review your experience and um yeah and
then as you go through this Creator
Journey like just make sure like like
just don't try to be anyone else just be
authentically you I'm curious if there's
any sort of like mistakes that you think
new creators make I know you mentioned a
moment ago you know feeling like you
know you can't really do it because you
haven't done it before or maybe feeling
like oh I only have this many followers
so I can't get paid yet I should just
accept free product you know are there
any mistakes that you think people make
especially early on that you might want
to recommend avoiding yeah the number
one is just assuming that you don't
deserve to be paid or assuming that like
just because the brand is like offering
you an opportunity that you should take
it they're like it's like I said it you
know it ranges incredibly like sometimes
an unpaid opportunity can be great for
your career sometimes it just is a
complete waste of time and you should
just pass and there are a lot of Brands
we came out with our like top 10 best
and worst Brands to work for a list our
very first one at the beginning of this
year and that's a good place to start
doing your research too like like if you
have an opportunity with one of the top
brands that's typically like a green
flag go for it if it's one of the worst
Brands it's typically like just wait you
you are always you're always better off
investing your time in money in your
personal brand than working with a brand
that just sucks you know yeah that makes
sense I was looking at your Instagram
and yeah I saw that I think that's one
of the pinned posts and the top 10 best
brands for influencers I pulled it up
right here Adobe Amazon Michael's
biogea I'm not sure Gaia I've never
heard that Express
1908 gin hero Bob's Red Mill like the um
oatmeal which I literally just bought at
the store today so I should I should hit
them up because I eat their oatmeal
every morning Samsung
curl Smith and Farah organic pet food
interesting so those are the 10 best
Brands I'm curious because a lot of
these when I see some of these like
these are Big names Samsung and Adobe
and Michael's like those are big names
so do you find that majority of the time
these brands are finding and reaching
out to creators themselves or do you
find that more often than not the
creators or the the people who are
actually making that initial contact
with the brand yeah it's it's both since
we launched the list all of our Best
Brands have started receiving a lot more
inbound
yeah which which is good but what they
one thing they do all often in common is
they all have a organized like
influencer Management program they all
are very good at communicating
expectations deadlines deliverables
payment you know there's not not
anything confusing when you're working
with one of these brands
which is still very rare in the industry
yeah unfortunately yeah absolutely it's
such a new space and I feel like so many
like the big Brands like obviously that
list Adobe Amazon Michael's Samsung
Bob's Red Mill like they might have the
uh the size or the capital to bring in
an entire influencer marketing
department or an entire like
collaborations team or maybe a smaller
team a smaller company I should say
doesn't quite have the ability or they
don't even recognize the value in that
yet so let's run through the the top 10
worst Brands to work with and this was
based off 2022 data so a lot of these I
haven't even heard of so crown and PAW
I'm gonna guess that's something related
to like Pat's glamnetic
mvmt which is movement
vivea vivaya I'm not sure golly
nutrition revive superfoods fashion Nova
which is hilarious to see that in the
top and worst truly naked I'm guessing
that maybe like is that like naked the
makeup company or naked the juice
company you know like they should add
some of them untagged themselves though
oh yeah they're a fashion company oh so
yeah it's like a Swedish apparel company
yeah oh yeah wow you're right and then
the other the last one on the list was
Daniel Wellington interesting
interesting so if you're watching this
right now and you're thinking about
collaborating with those Brands because
you are absolutely obsessed with fashion
Nova you might want to rethink that
that's that's good to know
so sometimes like when you're looking at
fypm reviews you'll see like Brands who
maybe have negative reviews when they
were just getting started like in like
2020 or whatever but they overall trend
positive because the people who are
running the programs like learn
something they take into consideration
the feedback and they improve their
program these brands have a track record
of treating influencers badly and never
changing so gotcha um yeah so it's like
you know there's there's normal growing
pains with like growing a business and
figuring out how to work with
influencers and as long as you learn
something from that then then you'll be
fine but if you don't you'll end up on
the worst Brands list until you get your
[__] together so if that makes sense all
right in the pay tends to be like like
typical or below average
um gotcha so yeah okay that makes sense
speaking of getting your [__] together
let's say I am looking to get some more
brand deals myself and I want to kind of
get my ducks in a row what should I be
thinking about should I have rates and
deliverables in my head should I have
like a pitch deck should I have like ugc
content that I have previously made what
are some some good things that I should
have kind of like in my tool belt when I
start this process of of negotiating and
looking for Brands to partner with yeah
so this is a tough one because again it
depends on like your goal and also
if like what the Brand's doing so from
my own experience hiring a ugc creator
for fipm what I did is I I you know I
messaged all of our approved users
instead what we were looking for which
is very specific I was looking for
ugc creators to help me create content
for our for fipm's tick tock so I kind
of sent out like a JD type thing and the
emails that were the most useful that I
like flagged to like pursue later
because I got a ton of responses ones
that were short
ones that clearly communicated that like
you know
how and why like they use the side like
like gave me an idea of what type of
content they could create easy links to
their new GC portfolio and like went
into specific examples of similar types
of videos they've made in the past for
other like like apps technology type
stuff so
I if I were a Creator I what I would do
is don't spam Outreach a bunch of Brands
they're just gonna like delete the email
make it special pick a couple you know
you want to work for and make it
personal make it easy for them to
be like see why they should like
continue the discussion so show them
your portfolio work show them similar
examples in the past you don't need to
like bring up rates or anything instead
of bringing up rate and deliverables ask
them what their goals are right now like
what their content marketing goals are
and try to get them on the phone you
know don't like don't make it like a
long email but just be like what are
your goals right now I love your
business I've done work like this for
like similar work in the past I would
love to work with you can we get on the
phone what are your goals gotcha that's
super useful that was a long answer so
no no that totally makes sense that
totally makes sense I feel like I can
picture exactly how I would reach out to
Brands and then also myself thinking
about like when brands have reached out
to me it's the same thing but in Reverse
right when they send me like a 19
paragraph email I don't want to read
through that whole thing I don't have
time to read through that whole thing
but when it's it's like short concise
but yet it's still like clearly written
for me it's not like Dear Sir or Madam
like it's very clearly written for me
right like they're talking about posts
I've made or content I've shared and
they really they clearly articulate how
me as a Creator how I would Jive really
well and fit into like their business
their goals whatever those are the ones
that I respond to and then I have that
conversation with so it makes sense that
then from the other perspective like the
brands want the same thing short
succinct here's how we could work
together here's how I have already
posted content that you know might fit
what you're looking for and then let's
let's talk next steps let's see what
your goals are so that's very very
helpful well Lindsay I really appreciate
you being here today thank you so much
for sharing all this knowledge with us
we'll put the links to everything down
in the show notes but I'm curious just
from your own perspective someone who
got started as a content creator and
needed a solution to this problem any
last words of advice words of
encouragement quick tips you want to
share with my audience before we before
we let you go yes be you you're always
better off investing in yourself if like
an opportunity seems sketched move on
there will always be another anywhere
there are eyeballs Brands will be
willing to pay you for those eyeballs
you know don't be afraid to ask for
money
always ask for money you know well
always expect money I guess gotcha I'm
trying to think I'm getting excited now
join FY pm and tell your friends share
your salary it keeps things expensive
for Brands and get excited for the next
version of frpm because it's going to be
an extremely powerful tool awesome well
I'm excited for the next version of fypm
I'm excited that I found you in this
like early-ish stage and I'm already in
and so I know I've already submitted at
least one of my previous brand
Partnerships on the platform and I'm
gonna submit a lot more now because I do
a lot so I'm excited
thank you so much for being here today
we appreciate it thank you thank you so
much for listening today I hope you
learned something new if you enjoyed
this podcast make sure you press the
thumbs up button and don't forget to
subscribe it is quite crazy how many DMs
I receive on Instagram on a weekly basis
from people who are like wait I thought
I subscribed to the podcast but I
stopped seeing the new episodes well
that probably means you weren't
subscribed that probably just meant that
the podcast algorithm was showing you
the show over and over again because you
kept listening but you weren't actually
subscribed so make sure to press that
subscribe button make sure to double
check that you've pressed the Subscribe
button if you enjoyed this podcast today
and if you found it useful and
beneficial again thank you so much for
listening and as always happy networking
[Music]